README.md, before:

FinalProject
============
<<<<<<< HEAD
KanyeQuest

  Our game follows Kanye West as he goes on a quest in the form of a "path to greatness." It is based on meta-games, comprised of multiple smaller games, found on websites like Funbrain. The game puts the player as Kanye West who must go across a path in order to successfully reach his ultimate objective,  becoming a god. In order to advance on the path, the player must complete several mini-games; after each mini-game is successfully completed, the player will advance to the next spot on the path. The game altogether consists of four mini-games. Each mini-game is based on one of Kanye West's songs and will have the cooresponding instrumental music in the background. However, at the very end of the game, there is one final surpise that Kanye must overcome to reach greatness. Instructions are supplied on the game's start screen, as well as additional instructions for each mini-game before each game is played.

Roles:
-Main Programmer: Sehmon Burnam
-Project Manager: Marcella Plazas
-Graphic Designer: John Stoumbos
-Tester: Luigi Siopongoco
-User Interface: Isaiah Spicer
=======
>>>>>>> parent of d35c239... Update README.md

Commit message:

Final Project Description
Project description updated heavily

README.md, after:

FinalProject
============
<<<<<<< HEAD
KanyeQuest

Our game follows Kanye West as he goes on a quest in the form of a "path to greatness." It is based on meta-games, comprised of multiple smaller games, found on websites like Funbrain. The game puts the player as Kanye West who must go across a path in order to successfully reach his ultimate objective,  becoming a god. In order to advance on the path, the player must complete several mini-games; after each mini-game is successfully completed, the player will advance to the next mini-game. The game altogether consists of five mini-games. The games are based on a short poem.
  
Kanye West gets up from his Kanye rest
And gets Kanye dressed in his Kanye vest
He is now ready for his Kanye test
Too bad he Kanye guessed
Too much Kanye stress trying to find North West
He distrurbs a Kanye nest and fights all the Kanye Pests
Oh no, someone got Kanye oppressed
Get him out of Kanye cardiac arrest

In the first mini-game, the player must help Kanye get "dressed." This game is very similar to the raindrop game that was made earlier. Kanye West is used as a "catcher" to catch falling articles of clothing such as underwear, sneakers, and vests. Afterwards, the player must take a test consisting of random Kanye West-related trivia. This trivia can range from where he was born to naming other celebrities that he has had altercations with. There are ten questions total and all of them must be answered correctly in order to advance past this Kanye Test. Afterwards, the game advances to a "fly swatter" mini-game. Kanye West must hit all of the Kanye Pests on the screen with his fly swatter. Finally, Kanye West must rescue a fan from cardiac arrest. In order to do this, he performs CPR on the patient until he is breathing again. General instructions are provided on the game's start screen. The intro page consists of Kanye West's face with his albums below, as well as his two iconic bear mascots on either side of him. The game over screen, meanwhile, shows Kanye West in the middle of his infamous argument with radio-personality Sway Calloway.

Roles:
-Main Programmer: Sehmon Burnam
-Project Manager: Marcella Plazas
-Graphic Designer: John Stoumbos
-Tester: Luigi Siopongoco
-User Interface: Isaiah Spicer
=======
>>>>>>> parent of d35c239... Update README.md
